---
layout: posts
title: Medusa Meeting 3 Recap
---
<div class="blurb">
<p> <i> Hercules vs Heracles? </i> Heracles is greek because he is named after Hera (Zeus trying to appease his wife about another bastard child)
    <ul> <b> Heracles </b>
    <li> <i> <b>Thebes: Birth </b> </i> Zeus wants to smash Alcmene (descendant of Perseus) so he disguises as her husband and copulates. Since she had sex with Zeus and her husband later that night, she gave birth to demigod Heracles, and twin brother Iphicles. Hera, pissed (why wouldn't she) forces the goddess of childbirth to cross her DAMN legs to prevent the twins from being born, but one of the servants of the goddess of childbirth manages to stop her legs from crossing by making her jump in fear, releasing the twins from their mom's wound. </li>
   <br> <b> <i> Why is he famous? (Tiryns, Mycenae) </i></b> Hera decides to screw with Heracles's mind making him kill his whole fam (wife and kids the whole shebang.) So he goes to the oracle, who under Hera's orders, tells him to go to the king (his cousin Eurystheus, who only became king because Hera trapped Heracles in the womb) to cleanse himself of his crimes, and was told to do 10 tasks. The backstory you never knew. <br>
    <br><li> <i> <b> Mount Cithaeron: Not a Task </b> </i> Heracles goes to kill the lion of Cithaeron which has been ravaging Thebes basically. Unknown if this was the pelt he wore or if it was Nemean, BUT this is the scene with Heracles using a CLUB. </li>
    <br><li> <i><b> Nemea: Task 1</b>- Slay the Nemean Lion </i> Huge disparity, but if Heracles should fail, he (or a goat) would be sacrificed to the gods. Kills with his club and skins using the lion's teeth (or claws). Eurystheus tells him to show off his achievements outside the palace. </li>
    <br><li> <i> <b>Lerna: Task 2</b>- Slay the Lernean Hydra </i> With his driver, companion, nephew (Iphicles's son), and also his sex bud (yeah hunky boi swingin both ways AND doin dat incest), Heracles is sent to kill the fire breathing Hydras. Iphicles cauterizes the chopped heads of a hydra with fire/poison which stops the heads from multiplying, as they immediately are poisoned or burned from coming out. Because of Iphicles's help, <b> Eurystheus does not count this as an official task. </b> </li>  
    <br><li> <i><b> Cerynia: Task 3</b>- Capture the Golden Hind(fastest deer alive) of Artemis </i> Some cases say Artemis just flat out let him borrow it as long as he didn't harm it, others say he caught it while it slept. Either way, Hera and Eurystheus's plans to get Artemis pissed enough to kill him failed. </li>
    <br><li> <i> <b>Erymanthia: Task 4</b>- Capture the Erymanthian Boar </i> Heracles sought the council of our good ol' pal Chiron, who told him to drive it into snow. He brought the boar back with tied legs, which scared the living shit out of Eurystheus, who told him to return it. </li>
    <br><li> <i> <b>Elis: Task 5</b>- Clean the Augean Stables </i> Ordered to clean the FILTHY AF NEVER CLEANED Augean Stables, Heracles asked for the help of the nearby rivers to flood the stables, cleaning them in the process. (mental strength 100). Since he got help, Eurystheus <b> did not count this task. He is literally being punished for being efficient and smart. Greek values were wack. </b> </li> 
    <br><li> <i> <b>Lake Stymphalus: Task 6</b>- Slay the Stymphalian Birds </i> Anj likes to refer to these birds as Skarmories (they are metal like). Anyways, these man eating birds are terrorizing the forest, so with Athena's biggest butt cheek claps (they were just clappers chill not but cheeks) he made them fly then shot them down. </li> 
    <br><li> <i> <b>Crete: Task 7</b>- Capture the Cretan Bull </i> Sidestory: Cretan Bull is the daddy to the Minotaur. Heracles asked Minos to take the bull, which he (glady) allowed (as it was terrorizing the city). He express shipped it to Eurystheus but it broke out and ran everywhere, thus being dubbed the "Marathon Bull". No Meredith, this is not the bull in Times Square. </li>
    <br><li> <i><b> Thrace: Task 8</b>- Steal the Mares of Diomedes </i> These ponies breathe fire and eat men, which is why they're kinda crazy. Therefore, they are tied by a golden chain from wreaking havoc by Diomedes. Stories differ but Heracles feeds Diomedes to the horsies to calm them (either by trapping them in an island or because they killed his other sex bro who was supposed to watch them),then tied their mouths shut and brought them home. </li>
    <br><li> <i><b> Land of Amazons: Task 9</b>- Obtain the Girdle of Hippolyta </i> Eurystheus's daughter wanted some bling so the king sent Heracles to get one. Hippolyta was the queen of the Amazonians but the hots for Heracles and willfully gave her girdle (belt). Hera disguised as an Amazonian spread the rumor he was invading, causing a huge battle to commence. Heracles escapes with the girdle though. </li> 
    <br><li> <i><b> Troy: Not a Task</b>- Save Hesione </i> Similar to his ancestor Perseus, Heracles makes a gas station stop to save a princess who is being sacrificed to appease Posiedon and stop a sea monster from attacking Troy. </li>
    <br><li> <i><b> Erythia: Task 10</b>- Capture the cattle of Geryon </i> Geryon has multiple heads and appendages, but was swiftly killed by Hydra poisoned arrows, and became a shit ton of flowers. Hera, freaking out because Heracles is almost done with the tasks, decides to be a HUGE DICK and causes the cattle to scatter and rise the river that Heracles has to cross the cattle with. After a year of this bullshit, Heracles manages to bring the cattle in. </li>
    <br><li> <i><b> Lerna: Task 11</b>- Steal the Apples of the Hespirides </i> On the way, Heracles shot the eagle that ate Prometheus's internal organs on the daily and got some info on where to pick the apples. Since the apple tree was guarded by a dragon, Heracles asked the titan Atlas to get the apples for himw hile he held the sky. Heracles later tricked Atlas into holding the sky once again by asking for a few seconds to shift his pelt. </li>
    <br><li> <i><b> Underworld: Task 12</b>- Capture Cerberus </i> Hades agreed to let Heracles Cerberus if he could get doggy without weapons --basically choked the dog unconscious. Eurystheus freaked out, again, and Cerberus went back home to recieve cuddles from Persephone and Hades. </li>
        <br><li> <b> <i> Lydia: </i> SIKE YOU THOUGHT IT WAS OVER </b> Heracles starts a new fam but Hera repeats the whole shebang because she is the bitchiest of them all, and he ends up killing his family. He is sent to serve under Queen Omphale for a year, where he had to crossdress as a maid. They later fall in LOVEEEE. </li> 
    <br><li> <i><b> Mount Othea: Death </b> </i> Different wife, but they were crossing a river and a centaur ran off with his wife. Heracles shot him down with his arrows, and the centaur gave the wife his blood (now poisonous) if Heracles is ever unfaithful (under the guise of a love potion). Years later, Heracles does start getting cold feet (or that's what she thinks) so she makes him wear clothes that are stained with the blood, burning his mortal half away. Doesn't even attend his funeral smh. He becomes immortal and joins the gods. </li>
    </ul>
    <br>
    By the way OverlySarcasticProductions did a video on <a href = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M16jOVC5kpA&ab_channel=OverlySarcasticProductions"> Heracles </a> 
  </p>
</div>
        
